# Proposed Marketing Campaign

At the beginning of 2021 Hard Yards launched in the UK. It was a big challenge with a skeptical public and big brands widely established in the market. With a focus on the neglected areas of competitive sports, Hard Yards is a game changer for the spots accessories industry. Taking this edge of the brand into account, the way forward for Hard Yards is to establish a systematic, data driven marketing campaign. And to do that, we came up with the most adaptive tool, a topics model. Topics model is a natural language processing system, it can transform a mass of everyday language into significant insights to identify a brand opportunity.

The specific methodology used in this analysis is Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), a probabilistic model for generating groups of words associated with n-topics. In LDA, the algorithm looks at documents as a mixture of topics. The topics are a mixture of words, and the algorithm calculates the probability of each word associated with a topic. LDA is potentially the most common method for building topic models in NLP (Blei, Ng, & Jordan, 2003).
We used this text mining approach to analyze over 1 year of digital conversations, interactions and searches for the brand. We then erased irrelevant data: the surface and the noise. Our topics model processed the data into different categories of meaning sometimes from the same source and used machine learning to train our algorithm to get better. This unique system enabled us to dive into the mindset of the Hard Yards customer. We then interpreted all the data with our knowledge of the market and came up with essential insights on how Hard Yards can shape its marketing campaign to be optimally relevant.
The Hard Yards customer loves what the brand stands for. They directly associate the brand with performance sports. Further to that, they associate the products with the key markets which Hard Yards is active in. Hockey, cricket, and even other possible new markets such as rugby and football are being talked about by the people which interact with Hard Yards.

Basically, Hard Yards ideal marketing campaign needs to break conventions without asking customers to change. Thanks to the topics model we decided to create a marketing campaign inspired by you: the customer. Inspired by people’s grit when competing, connecting them to a good reason to use Hard Yards products: “Every Yard Counts”. Taking into account that the campaign aims to be relatable, diverse and bold, social media such as TikTok, Instagram and Facebook are the ideal medium to deploy it. The more interactions of customers with the campaign, the more accurate and reliable the topics model becomes. This in turn, will allow Hard Yards to tailor even further its campaign. So, don't forget: Every Yards Counts.
